Add statsd receiver (#364)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

Your contribution is welcome! For it to be accepted, we have a few standards that must be followed.

> If you are contributing to sync the receivers from [otel-collector-contrib](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib). Operator only syncs receivers that aren't scrapers. As operator has nothing to do with scrapers. whereas with general receivers, operator exposes the port in kubernetes service object as specified in the receiver's config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are contributing to sync the receivers from [otel-collector-contrib](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib), note that the operator only synchronizes receivers that aren't scrapers, as there's no need to open ports in services for this case. In general, receivers would open a UDP/TCP port and the operator should be adding an entry in the Kubernetes Service resource accordingly.
```
